= kete_gets_trollied

A Kete add-on that uses the Trollied gem to deliver ordering of items from Kete.

== Usage

Currently only tested against Rails 2.3.5.  When Kete moves to Rails 3, this gem will be updated to.

Install the Trollied gem and this gem:

  gem install trollied kete_gets_trollied

After installing the gem do the following to add kete_gets_trollied to your app:

In the Rails::Initializer.run config block  config/environment.rb:

  config.gem "trollied"
  config.gem "kete_gets_trollied"

Now you need to run the migration generator to add the tables and columns that kete_gets_trollied needs to work. Do this in your Kete application's root directory.

  $ script/generate trollied_migrations

Alter this:

t.integer :purchasable_item_id, :null => false

to

t.integer :purchasable_item_id, :null => false, :references => nil

Then run the migration command:

  $ rake db:migrate # add environment if necessary, i.e. rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV=production

Lastly you will want restart your Kete server and backgroundrb:

  $ touch tmp/restart.txt
  $ script/backgroundrb stop
  ...
  $ script/backgroundrb start

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix in a corresponding branch (even better, make an ticket first and name the branch with the ticket number in it)
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Horowhenua Library Trust. See LICENSE for details.
